  I will consider the case for a development that primarily uses Python. Based on some light research, black would be my linting tool, since it is
preconfigured and requires little adjustments. This ease of use aspect allows me to spend more time on the development. The added benefit of having limited configuration settings, is that a development team can adhere to the same rules and coding patterns, so when the time comes to debug, anyone on the team
would be comfortable and the code would be aesthetically uniform. The 'uncompromising' aspect of black enforces the coding style to create consistency, especially when used by a development team, and reduce the likelihood of bugs occurring. My selected tool for testing would be pytest. Since it is well-known, it is likely that members of the team would have experience with it. One appealing factor with pytest is its very detailed and descriptive documentation that makes it easy to use and configure. Even without experience, the library of examples provided by pytest can serve as a great starting point for writing the tests if time constraint is an issue. PyBuilder will be used for the production deployment. I liked the details that the tool provides in both testing and deployment processes, containing easy to understand error messages allowing for quick fixes. The plugin that automatically generates the setup.py also saves time in the deployment process. As for the setup alternatives to Jenkins and Github Actions, Travis CI caught my attention with its popularity with both newcomers and veterans. Its appeal of automated tests, auto deployment, compatibality testing, and third party service integration makes it an all-around great option. A cloud-based enviornment would be suitable for this development assuming that it is a small project consisting of only six members. Azure would be a great option since it has a very user-friendly ui, expanding server locales, and microsoft themself include lots of guides to configure and use azure for developments.